# ProjectEuler

Problems are taken from https://projecteuler.net/.

 Euler Project is a website designed to solve math problems with computer programs. The project was created to create interest in math and computer programming. In May 2009, the project involved more than 250 different difficulty problems. Each problem can be solved in a minute with a modern computer if it is an efficient algorithm. It has been adding new issues periodically since 2001. Users who have submitted the correct answer to the question can view the forum for each question. A logged in user can see the ranking of high scorers based on the number of problems solved. 25 Each time you solve a problem, the level goes up, and a unique emblem is given. Solving certain combinations of problems can also give you an 'imagination'.

 In Summury, Project Euler is a series of challenging mathematical/computer programming problems that will require more than just mathematical 
 insights to solve. Project Euler is ideal for mathematicians who are learning to code. 

 Here the efficiency of your code is also checked.
 I've tried to provide all the best possible solutions.

PROBLEMS:

1. If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3,5,6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
   Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below N.

2. Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2,
   the first 10 terms will be:
      1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89,..
   By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed n, find the sum of the even-valued terms.  
   e.g. for n=10, we have {2,8}, sum is 10.
   
3. The prime factors of 13195 are 5,7,13 and 29. What is the largest prime factor of a given number N?
   e.g. for 10, largest prime factor = 5. For 17, largest prime factor = 17.

4. A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.
   Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers which is less than N.
   
   #### My Sol. 1
   ``` C
   
   #include <stdio.h>
   using namespace std;
   int main()
   {
   	int a, b, maxx = 0;
	int arr[10];
	for (a = 999; a >= 100; a--)
	{
		for (b = 999; b >= 100; b--)
		{
			int i, cnt = 0, v;
			v = a * b;
			while (v > 0)
			{
				arr[cnt] = v % 10;
				cnt++;
				v /= 10;
			}
			cnt--;
			for (i = 0; i <= cnt; i++)
			{
				if (arr[i] != arr[cnt - i])
					break;
			}
			if (i > cnt)
			{
				if (a * b > maxx)
					maxx = a * b;
			}
		}
	}
	printf("%d\n", maxx);
   }
   
   ```
   
5. 2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder. 
   What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible(divisible with no remainder) by all of the numbers from 1 to N?
   
   #### My Sol. 1
   ```c
   	#include <stdio.h>
	using namespace std;
	int main()
	{
		int arr[21] = { 0, };
		int v = 1;
		for (int i = 2; i <= 20; i++)
		{
			if (arr[i] == 0)
			{
				int s = i;
				while (s <= 20)
				{
					arr[s] = 1;
					s *= i;
				}
				v *= s/i;
				s = i;
				while (s <= 20)
				{
					arr[s] = 1;
					s += i;
				}
			}
		}
		printf("%d\n", v);
	}
    ```
   
6. The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is,
      1^2 + 2^2 + ... + 10^2 = 385
   The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is,
     (1 + 2 + ... + 10)^2 = 552 = 3025
   Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is 3025 − 385 = 2640.
   Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first N natural numbers and the square of the sum. 
   
7. By listing the first six prime numbers: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13, we can see that the 6th prime is 13.
   What is the Nth prime number?
